[Kubernetes] Update KSM location to avoid updating all state tests (#37240)
elastic/beats: metricbeat/module/kubernetes/_meta/test/README.md

path: "../_meta/test"
```

When you update the KSM directory files, remember to run `go test -data` to generate the expected files. To check against the expected files already present, you can just run `go test .` inside each state metricset directory.

> > **TIP**: To run tests and generate the expected files for all state metricsets you can run `go test ./state... --data`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **TIP**: To run tests and generate the expected files for all state metricsets you can run `go test ./state... --data`. Navigate to `/elastic/beats/metricbeat/module/kubernetes/` to run this command
```

> > **_NOTE:_**  The expected files inside these two folders are not deleted when running the tests. Remember to delete them if they are from an old version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **_NOTE:_**  The expected files inside the two folders of each state_* mericset (`_meta/test` and `_meta/testdata`) are not deleted when running the tests. Remember to delete them if they are from an old version.
```

Reviewer: @constanca-m testdata folder is not created from ksm tests

It seems that integration tests only needed so trying: `MODULE="kubernetes" mage goIntegTest` but the command also fails for me.

So maybe consider removing the reference `these two folders` overall?

Author: > @constanca-m testdata folder is not created from ksm tests

Yes, it should already be present.
